[bulk] validation: validation fixes JM 5/12 (#680)
dotnet/AspNetDocs: aspnet/mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/implementing-basic-crud-functionality-with-the-entity-framework-in-asp-net-mvc-application.md

    Even if you don't have a `Secret` field on the web page, a hacker could use a tool such as [fiddler](http://fiddler2.com/home), or write some JavaScript, to post a `Secret` form value. Without the <xref:System.Web.Mvc.BindAttribute> attribute limiting the fields that the model binder uses when it creates a `Student` instance<em>,</em> the model binder would pick up that `Secret` form value and use it to create the `Student` entity instance. Then whatever value the hacker specified for the `Secret` form field would be updated in your database. The following image shows the fiddler tool adding the `Secret` field (with the value "OverPost") to the posted form values.

    ![Screenshot that shows the Composer tab. In the top right corner, Execute is circled in red. In the bottom right corner, Secret equals Over Post is circled in red.](implementing-basic-crud-functionality-with-the-entity-framework-in-asp-net-mvc-application/_static/image5.png)

    The value "OverPost" would then be successfully added to the `Secret` property of the inserted row, although you never intended that the web page be able to set that property.

>     It's best to use the `Include` parameter with the `Bind` attribute to *allowlist* fields. It's also possible to use the `Exclude` parameter to *blocklist* fields you want to exclude. The reason `Include` is more secure is that when you add a new property to the entity, the new field is not automatically protected by an `Exclude` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It's best to use the `Include` parameter with the `Bind` attribute to explicitly list fields. It's also possible to use the `Exclude` parameter to block fields you want to exclude. The reason `Include` is more secure is that when you add a new property to the entity, the new field is not automatically protected by an `Exclude` list.
```

   The new code reads the existing entity and calls <xref:System.Web.Mvc.Controller.TryUpdateModel%2A> to update fields from user input in the posted form data. The Entity Framework's automatic change tracking sets the [EntityState.Modified](<xref:System.Data.EntityState.Modified>) flag on the entity. When the [SaveChanges](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/system.data.entity.dbcontext.savechanges(v=VS.103).aspx) method is called, the <xref:System.Data.EntityState.Modified> flag causes the Entity Framework to create SQL statements to update the database row. [Concurrency conflicts](handling-concurrency-with-the-entity-framework-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application.md) are ignored, and all columns of the database row are updated, including those that the user didn't change. (A later tutorial shows how to handle concurrency conflicts, and if you only want individual fields to be updated in the database, you can set the entity to [EntityState.Unchanged](<xref:System.Data.EntityState.Unchanged>) and set individual fields to [EntityState.Modified](<xref:System.Data.EntityState.Modified>).)

>    To prevent overposting, the fields that you want to be updateable by the Edit page are allowlisted in the `TryUpdateModel` parameters. Currently there are no extra fields that you're protecting, but listing the fields that you want the model binder to bind ensures that if you add fields to the data model in the future, they're automatically protected until you explicitly add them here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To prevent overposting, the fields that you want to be updateable by the Edit page are listed in the `TryUpdateModel` parameters. Currently there are no extra fields that you're protecting, but listing the fields that you want the model binder to bind ensures that if you add fields to the data model in the future, they're automatically protected until you explicitly add them here.
```
